Hi welcome back my students there are a couple of things that I want to discuss before we move on with
the course.
The first thing is video quality.
I want to make sure that whatever you are watching from my course is crispy clear high definition.
So we are going to make sure that our how our high definition feature is turned on.
All right so right here on the bottom on your video player there is an HD button right there and going
to expand it so you can see it.
As you can see right here if I click on to watch this ttes as you can see right now is a little blurry.
If I click on it right now it looks a lot better than what he did before he makes a world of difference.
Right.
So make sure that you HD features turn on these between your volume and your time maybe later on you
really would change this.
But right now you need to make sure that your HD is turned on.
Now the second thing that I want to discuss is how to download your exercise files.
Some of you already know this but some of you are new to you to me and do not know this.
So right on the right hand side.
These are your lectures here on top you got four tabs right now.
The first tab is for your lectures.
The second tab is for downloading any material that you short to once you to download right now.
I mean that down in instructor mode only but in your site you will see your link for you to download
your exercise files.
So click on that link and download your exercise files right now.
Right now the lecture that you are watching has your exercise files.
So go to this tab and download it.
Now I do expect you to follow from scratch on everything I do.
But if you do have a problem the exercise files are going to get you out of that problem.
And of course you can contact me anytime.
That third tap is just going to allow you to make a discussion about this specific course lecture and
then the last one you can take notes.
Now before you go there's one last thing that I want you did to actually make sure that you have on.
We're going to go to somebody else's course.
All right.
And I need to do this so that way I can show you because it doesn't show on my side since I'm logged
into their account.
So there is a gear symbol right here right.
If you click on it you're going to get this coarse e-mail settings you're probably going to have this
turn off.
Make sure that new lecture or emails is turned on because this is going to let you know every time I
make a new lecture about the course and this is super important.
Sometimes like you know I mean you lectures just to fix other lectures that I make mistakes on.
Or maybe I want to update my course or maybe I'm including extra features.
So make sure that that's on announcements are really good.
I send sometimes announcements for coupons or new courses for free.
So you know you guys can jump into those.
So new announced memos are really important to have on.
I'd say just keep this on all of it.
Now another thing that I really really ask you to do and it does it just a favor for me I've spent a
lot of time on these courses and I love what I do.
But you guys make a really awesome when you guys write reviews.
It takes only one minute to write a review and it makes a world difference because I make discourse
with a lot of love and sometimes I like to see my students you know sending a good review or letting
me know if something's wrong with the course for if you want to write a good review all you have to
do is just right click put a title here and put the stars.
Now if you if you do have something negative to say or for some reason you don't like something about
the course.
What I asked you to do before you write a review is contact me give me the opportunity to fix it.
If you see something wrong.
So we asked you to go here to the discussion and type in your problem and let me fix it.
Reviews are super important for us instructor.
Remember some of us do this for a living and this is our our money for a home for a family.
And this is our life.
So reviews either can damage the business or it can damage instructor.
All right.
So this is this is people's lives that you have in your hand when you're writing a review.
So I put a lot of love in my courses a lot of dedication.
I love what I do.
But if you have anything that you you want to recommend you can always Message me you king out of discussion.
But if you have a really good review and that you don't have a problem with the Course.
Write me a review and let me know that I'm doing well.
That gives me a lot of motivation.
Anyways thank you so much for really really watching this lecture and being in my course.
I'm looking forward to helping you finish this course and looking forward to see you empower the courses.
Thank you again and I'll see you in the next lectures.